Helena Rouhe: So, this is this man individual session with Cassidy Wheeler and she did not show up for IoT eating disorder program. Yes, or Monday or Tuesday of this week, claiming that she had a migraine. She did communicate with me via email, stating that
Helena Rouhe: She was going to try and get a hold of the Father, and see if he could join chat session today in order to gain some additional support for her dietary needs.
Helena Rouhe: But then stated to me that her father was not available to meet today. So then I said, Okay, well I plan on seeing you on Wednesday. And we can further discuss and so we can you know I essentially confirm session with her.
Helena Rouhe: YESTERDAY, ACTUALLY, THIS MORNING, but you know she
Helena Rouhe: And in the email correspondence led me to believe that she's supposed to be making session. She has been in program with us. Now, a couple of weeks, so I am not going to ask Jacob to follow up.
Helena Rouhe: With her as far as making individual sessions. So hopefully she will show up today. If she doesn't, then I'm going to recommend a higher level of care because he is struggling and we need to make sure that we address that.
Helena Rouhe: Hello.
Hey,
Helena Rouhe: How are you feeling
kassidy wheeler: All right.
kassidy wheeler: Like gone just tired.
Helena Rouhe: Do you have a history of migraine.
kassidy wheeler: Um, yeah.
kassidy wheeler: About like
kassidy wheeler: Let's say like once a month.
Helena Rouhe: That related to your cycle.
kassidy wheeler: Um,
kassidy wheeler: Having no idea
Helena Rouhe: Or you don't necessarily have a notice of a pattern of it.
kassidy wheeler: Yeah, no, not really. Okay.
Helena Rouhe: And so when did you first start having migraines.
kassidy wheeler: Likes
kassidy wheeler: 18 think two years ago.
Helena Rouhe: Okay. And did you ever see a medical practitioner forum or do you ever talk to a doctor about it.
kassidy wheeler: No, um,
kassidy wheeler: It's nice. My like mom gets them and sisters all get that. So it's kind of like normal.
Helena Rouhe: They have a family history.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, okay. And so they're the ones who kind of identify this, this is what's going on for you.
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: And do they take any medicine or what do they do for their for when they experienced this.
kassidy wheeler: They usually take
kassidy wheeler: Like excedrin
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: So I'm going to strongly recommend that you see a medical provider about this and that you get follow up on this because there's all kinds of medications out there and different things that might be helpful.
Helena Rouhe: And I would suggest that you see an OB GYN because there's likely hormonal connection.
Helena Rouhe: Etc. Maybe not going to be the best option for you.
kassidy wheeler: Mm hmm.
Helena Rouhe: They can also be a bit of an appetite suppressant.
Helena Rouhe: So another reason for it to not be
Helena Rouhe: You know, maybe, you know, some other options.
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: So when you have a migraine. What is the typical course of it. How long does it typically last
kassidy wheeler: Usually it's only
kassidy wheeler: About a day.
kassidy wheeler: Um,
kassidy wheeler: But this one just lasted longer than usual usually like with
kassidy wheeler: Sleep like hopes it to go away.
kassidy wheeler: But it didn't.
kassidy wheeler: Say,
Helena Rouhe: When did it start for you.
kassidy wheeler: Started on
kassidy wheeler: Sunday.
kassidy wheeler: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Typically, if we stay hydrated and have decent food then that can also help with
Helena Rouhe: Your food and hydration been like a couple of days.
kassidy wheeler: Still not super great. Um,
kassidy wheeler: But I had like a full
kassidy wheeler: dinner last night.
kassidy wheeler: And then breakfast this morning.
Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Did you get a chance to meet with Kate earlier today.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, okay. And what was that like, once you guys decided in that session or how did that go
Um,
kassidy wheeler: We talked about, I'm
kassidy wheeler: Stepping back up just because like I feel like I needed.
kassidy wheeler: Get stable.
kassidy wheeler: And also,
kassidy wheeler: I so like in this like just were in right now where I'm at.
kassidy wheeler: I just feel like it's not working and like
kassidy wheeler: I needed to do something different, like I feel like I feel like I need to be somewhere different.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
kassidy wheeler: And
kassidy wheeler: Yeah, I don't know.
Helena Rouhe: What's, what's been going on, what's been has anything been going well, if you've been pushing yourself to get out, or is there anything gone badly. Are you not connecting well for things that could be happening.
Helena Rouhe: What's happening.
kassidy wheeler: It's just like
kassidy wheeler: I don't like
kassidy wheeler: I don't like have like any type of
kassidy wheeler: motivation to like even
kassidy wheeler: Meet everyone and talk to them like a half. I've met a few of them. And I like have their numbers and they'll like text me sometimes just like see I'm doing throughout the days and everything.
kassidy wheeler: But like
kassidy wheeler: I
kassidy wheeler: Don't know.
kassidy wheeler: I just like
kassidy wheeler: Get really
kassidy wheeler: overwhelmed with, like, how many people there and like
kassidy wheeler: Like, my friend.
kassidy wheeler: Came over on
Helena Rouhe: Black Friday.
kassidy wheeler: But uh yeah and
kassidy wheeler: Even like having someone there that was comfortable with, like, we walked back into the house after like buying groceries for dinner and
kassidy wheeler: I like almost had a panic attack like just walking back in into hospitals, like they're all going to look at me like,
kassidy wheeler: Wonder who I'm bringing to the house or like why are who they are and like
kassidy wheeler: Why I'm not talking just things like that and it like, and then they were all probably like five people were in the kitchen at the time that we were going to make dinner and
kassidy wheeler: Like I had my friend with me so that helped, but I was still like
kassidy wheeler: So just anxious, the whole time. And like I could not be
kassidy wheeler: Mindful at all. And I was like cooking the food or eating.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: But you were able to cook and you're able to eat or no.
kassidy wheeler: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: And then how did it go that night she stayed the night
kassidy wheeler: Just see the night. Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: And then you guys have breakfast together.
kassidy wheeler: Um, no. She left early because she had to go because the PHP. She's that is like an hour.
kassidy wheeler: And like 40 minutes away.
kassidy wheeler: Most two hours away so yeah
Helena Rouhe: So were you supposed to see family at all. This past weekend to or no.
kassidy wheeler: No.
Helena Rouhe: And you did reach out to dab that you said that he wasn't available.
kassidy wheeler: Yeah.
kassidy wheeler: Just like a work call or something.
Helena Rouhe: So dad was the one who kind of helped out while you were in treatment last time. Correct.
kassidy wheeler: Mm hmm.
Helena Rouhe: How do you think that's going to go, dad needs to help out. If you need to step back up.
kassidy wheeler: Honestly, I don't know.
kassidy wheeler: I was, I called him yesterday to like talk about this. Just the fact that I am struggling
kassidy wheeler: And
kassidy wheeler: He kind of like
kassidy wheeler: Just like freaked out.
kassidy wheeler: And told me that
kassidy wheeler: Blake.
kassidy wheeler: I canna I just have to, like, make it work and that
kassidy wheeler: I can't like run away from my problems and like he's lived his life longer so he knows what's best and
kassidy wheeler: Um, and then trying, he kind of. He's like, Oh, like I have struggles to like yours, my manifest as an eating disorder but like everyone like struggles with things and you have to just like
kassidy wheeler: Like
kassidy wheeler: Get through it and
kassidy wheeler: Then I like you're just being like
kassidy wheeler: Feeling wasn't listening. And I like started having a panic attack as a crying. It was a dad. I feel like you're not like listening to me. Um, any like raise his voice. He's like, No, you're not listening to me and just all the stuff just going off and then, sir, talking about like
kassidy wheeler: Just randomly is like. And when I picked you up from treatment. You just got on your phone. So that means like you don't have a social life. And I think you probably addicted to your phone and like, don't hang out with people. And I was like, like what is that to do with anything but um
kassidy wheeler: It was just bad is really bad.
kassidy wheeler: And I
Helena Rouhe: Don't think that's going to be supportive of paying more money for you to do.
kassidy wheeler: I don't think so either. And another thing is like we and he's like, why do you
kassidy wheeler: Think why do you think we need a therapist. We can just talk about stuff like we are right now. We don't need a therapist to talk about stuff that was like, well,
kassidy wheeler: Kind of do like it goes like this. It doesn't get anywhere you know and like I feel safer with a therapist to talk about our stuff, but it's
kassidy wheeler: A lot
Helena Rouhe: Do you have other options in the family to help you if you go back to treatment in order to help the CO pays or whatever needs to happen.
Helena Rouhe: If you go back to a higher level of care.
kassidy wheeler: I've been talking to my mom.
kassidy wheeler: About it a little bit and
kassidy wheeler: I feel like she could help me figure something out. Um,
kassidy wheeler: Hopefully,
kassidy wheeler: She doesn't have a lot of money.
Helena Rouhe: Do you have a contact at rosewood or from the Capri program when you were there before somebody if you, you know, felt like you needed to go back in, or do you want to
Helena Rouhe: Start to Kenny.
Helena Rouhe: So I can also have Jacob from our program, reach out to them and kind of start that process, but
Helena Rouhe: I need you to stay in program with us until you transfer
Helena Rouhe: So I understand that you weren't in group on Monday, as well as
Helena Rouhe: Tuesday. And I understand that.
Helena Rouhe: In part that was because of the migraine, but I'm also wondering if maybe part of us just trying to get mentally ready for the next thing. And so you're kind of just
Helena Rouhe: Not wanting to participate in group. Is there any truth to that or
kassidy wheeler: Oh no, I
kassidy wheeler: Really like wasn't
kassidy wheeler: Feeling good.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Well, I need you to keep participating in our program.
Helena Rouhe: Which means going to group. So you definitely need to go tomorrow.
Helena Rouhe: Yes, and
Helena Rouhe: And we need to, if you are going to transition back to a higher level of care. I need to have you be part of our process and and have us connected to them. And I want to make sure that you know everything squared away. I don't want to just assume that it's all good and that you're fine.
kassidy wheeler: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: I want to make sure that if you make that transition that we're a part of that transition so that I know you've landed safely.
Helena Rouhe: The next destination. Okay.
Helena Rouhe: I, you know, we talked about this last week, I am concerned about i i agree i think you need a you need to have more stabilization. But there still is going to be. And then what when you discharge.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, so you're going to need to be thinking about what is life going to look like in, you know, the next six months.
Helena Rouhe: Once you stabilized. Is there some other kind of
Helena Rouhe: House that they have that maybe you can say a part of the program there, or do they have a different kind of recommendation for you.
Helena Rouhe: So that you have the support that you need in your immediate space in order for you to maintain your meal plan and help you continue to work through the anxiety that you experience the results of your behavior.
kassidy wheeler: Mm hmm.
kassidy wheeler: Yeah.
kassidy wheeler: Kate was kind of talking to me about that earlier, too.
kassidy wheeler: And I, I know there is another
kassidy wheeler: Place that I've been thinking about I'm
kassidy wheeler: Called Marisol and it's
Helena Rouhe: They have a year long step down outpatient type program that we're talking about. It's kind of like a house where you just live with other people, they just kind of check in on you type thing.
kassidy wheeler: Yeah, I have a
kassidy wheeler: Friend that's there right now. Actually, and I was asking her about it and there's still like open and like accepting
kassidy wheeler: People and everything.
kassidy wheeler: Well, that might be a good option to
Helena Rouhe: Okay, so do you want to see if you can follow up with both of those programs in the morning and and and then I can also have Jacob follow up.
kassidy wheeler: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: So that we can kind of tag team this and see what we come up with
Helena Rouhe: Yes. Okay. Can you lead tomorrow when you check into virtual clinic. Can you let them know who you make contact with that miracle.
Helena Rouhe: That's
Helena Rouhe: That's the one in Southern California. Right. That's the kind of Newport area.
kassidy wheeler: Where did they know almost one here.
Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Okay. That's right. Alright, so there's one close by. Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, would you still be able to see your mom and your sisters and all of that. Would that be closer to them or further away or
kassidy wheeler: Almost farther away.
Helena Rouhe: Teasing that's going to be a challenge.
kassidy wheeler: No.
kassidy wheeler: Exam bye environment. Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Alright, well, we are human beings that learn by doing. You know, until you're in a situation, you don't really know what the reality of it is. So I think the situation tells you what you need in order for you to stay healthy and safe at this time in your life.
Helena Rouhe: Now I'm sure your dad and everybody was well meaning when they tried to set this up but
Helena Rouhe: Does not appear to be working now.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: So tomorrow, you're going to reach out to Marisol and rosewood the Capri program and see what you come up with stay in contact with the mom kind of let her know what you come up with all that Jacob in the fall through. Now,
Helena Rouhe: As the same program with us. How do you want to manage this upcoming weekend.
kassidy wheeler: I don't know.
Helena Rouhe: Well, last week we talked about being accountable to your mom and your sisters when you when you didn't have your friend around. Can you up that ante a little bit
Helena Rouhe: They around maybe you guys can visit each other a little bit this weekend.
kassidy wheeler: Yeah, I can see
kassidy wheeler: Them every day. Sure. My sisters
kassidy wheeler: Don't yeah I think they don't. I don't think they have anything going on.
Helena Rouhe: Because I think you're going to need the support more now than ever. Right, while you're in this transitional period and you are working to kind of make stuff happen you're going to make you need to make sure you have that additional support.
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Now,
Helena Rouhe: What, if anything, needs to be done to kind of mitigate the situation with dad.
Helena Rouhe: If you end up making a connection with the program and discovering that you're going to transition. How do you want to handle that with him.
kassidy wheeler: Um,
kassidy wheeler: I think maybe
kassidy wheeler: I could just kind of bring it up.
kassidy wheeler: Tonight, and like see
kassidy wheeler: What do you like
Helena Rouhe: I don't think that's a good idea.
Helena Rouhe: I think you need to have a plan in place that it's actually going to happen and then just kind of let him know because he's already been very clear with you that he wants to just suck it up.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, right. So that that opinion is not going to change.
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: So if you're seeking out any kind of support or advice from him. That's going to be other than suck it up. It's not going to go well.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, right.
Mm hmm.
Helena Rouhe: So I would advocate for you that you you become proactive about your plan you work on making this happen with Marisol and or rosewood you talk to your mom you keep your mom in the loop.
Helena Rouhe: And hopefully everyone can figure out something that's going to make that work. And once you have the plan in place.
Helena Rouhe: You let your dad know what's going on. It would be nice if you could involve him. It would be nice if he could be a part of the process, but it doesn't sound like that's going to be something that's going to go well.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, because he has his own kind of thoughts about what needs to happen and I think
Helena Rouhe: That comes from his perspective about therapy and services and, you know,
Helena Rouhe: It's a little bit of just rub some dirt on it and make it go away. They'll all be better.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah. Yeah. So I think you need to be the one who's proactive. This isn't about anybody else. Following up on this. You're the one who really needs to set this up so that you can make sure it happens and go through it.
Helena Rouhe: Do you think you're going to be able to work through this while you're dealing with the residuals of this migraine.
kassidy wheeler: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Because this isn't something I want you to push off. You know, it's Wednesday night. I want to make sure you make some contacts and really see what you can get accomplished by the end of the week.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah. By Friday afternoon. It would be great if you had some sort of plan in place.
Helena Rouhe: Or at least the workings of a plan.
kassidy wheeler: Yeah, okay.
Helena Rouhe: Do you think you could email me that and give me a kind of an update on how things are going. By Friday afternoon or Friday evening so that I have a sense of what's going on.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah. Okay. All right. And we're happy to keep you in program is they are not quite ready or it takes a little bit where we want to see you in program. I don't want you to go until I know that you're settled.
Helena Rouhe: And like, so let's say you're going to start Marisol or wherever next Tuesday. I'd like you to go to program on Monday.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, because I want to make sure that you are properly transitioned over
kassidy wheeler: Yeah, okay.
Helena Rouhe: All right, and it may take longer than that. Sometimes these things take a little bit of sometimes it can go quickly, but it may take a little bit
kassidy wheeler: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: What about the stuff that's in this room and all of that was there. Did you guys rent a room with furniture or do you have things that you have to move out.
kassidy wheeler: Um, yeah.
kassidy wheeler: So it up to move things out.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, how, what do you how do you see that happening. Do you think that's something that you and your sisters mom can do or
kassidy wheeler: The I think my mom to help me. That's it. We have like a
kassidy wheeler: Storage Unit.
kassidy wheeler: That she keeps some things into those
kassidy wheeler: worked out fine.
Helena Rouhe: So you and your sisters and your mom could kind of put it together and do that. How do you have a vehicle to do that with or would you need to rent a U Haul. What would that look like
kassidy wheeler: Um, yeah, my mom's my mom's dad has a truck.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Good. He helped out or is he
Helena Rouhe: Not necessarily super strong, are able
kassidy wheeler: Yeah, he's not able to
Helena Rouhe: Okay, but you could potentially borrow the truck.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, okay.
Helena Rouhe: So it's going to be really important for you to work on your meal plan, while you're in this transition to because you're going to need your strength. Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Especially while you're healing from your migraine.
Mm hmm.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: So do you have a sense of your plan, what you need to work on.
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Now if we go through all of this and one of these programs or both of these programs say they don't have face or it's not going to work. We're going to have to come up with another plan.
kassidy wheeler: Mm hmm.
Helena Rouhe: So maybe you need to be talking to your mom about what are, what is another option because it doesn't seem like you staying in this space is going to be an option.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah. So at the very least, you need to live somewhere else and hopefully it's been a program where you can have the structure and support you need.
Helena Rouhe: But if
Helena Rouhe: That for some reason doesn't work out, maybe talking to your mom about what other options there are potentially
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: You got a lot of homework to do.
kassidy wheeler: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Do you want to write this down. Or do you feel like you have a sense of what you need to do, and it's just a matter of making it happen.
kassidy wheeler: I know what I need to do.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
All right, yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Do you have any other questions, concerns, anything you want to go over with me. I feel like this is kind of more just let's create a plan and then see how it goes.
kassidy wheeler: Yeah, oh yeah, don't really have any thing else
Helena Rouhe: Do you have food for dinner or what are you doing for food.
kassidy wheeler: Moving forward, I will have
kassidy wheeler: leftovers in the fridge.
Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, are you going to eat them.
Helena Rouhe: Okay. All right.
Helena Rouhe: So I look forward to hearing about how things went in group tomorrow night from the group facilitators and then I look forward to hearing from you on Friday afternoon, evening what you've been able to discover as far as the plan goes
kassidy wheeler: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Any other concerns thoughts.
Helena Rouhe: All right, well, it's good to see you. I hope that you're able to take care of yourself and see and make some good progress on this because it would be good to see us right
kassidy wheeler: Yeah, okay.
Helena Rouhe: All right, well, you take care of yourself. I'm gonna let you go.
kassidy wheeler: Great. Thank
Helena Rouhe: You have a good night.
Helena Rouhe: Okay. So just to be clear on the plan.
Helena Rouhe: Cassidy is going to reach out to
Helena Rouhe: Rose with the Capri program. She has a contact there to follow up with
Helena Rouhe: If they have availability and what the cost would be she's going to reach out to Marisol that's an IRA S. O. L.
Helena Rouhe: In Arizona, there's a program where they have a long term recovery arm about a year long program, I think.
Helena Rouhe: For she can stay in the house and kind of be with them and see if they have availability, according to a friend. There's availability, but let's find out at the actual program is available and it's mom can help support that.
Helena Rouhe: She's also needs to talk to a mom about whether what the options are, if either one of these programs go through, or if they don't go through about how she's going to move out of this House to move somewhere else, probably with mama sisters, I think, was an option. Last week, but
Helena Rouhe: She needs to move all of her stuff on this House and when she comes up with a plan.
Helena Rouhe: Then she needs to talk to, Dad. Dad likely to be upset with the situation and frustrated that she's not just making this work. I don't think at this point it's about her, making it work.
Helena Rouhe: I think she is going to need more supportive eating disorder friendly environment for her to thrive right now. I think in the future. She can have more skills to be able to make it work and honest.
Helena Rouhe: So she needs to stay in program with bright heart health, until she has a confirmed admittance date for the other program. And if she's not going to admit into another program and she definitely needs to stay with us. So we'll have to wait and see what's going to happen with that.
Helena Rouhe: Thank you.
Helena Rouhe: I'm gonna go ahead and keep the recording going I have another session, starting in 10 minutes with Cassandra for non
Helena Rouhe: Hello.
Helena Rouhe: Whoa, I'm trying to finish up an email. Sorry for the delay.
Okay.
Helena Rouhe: All right.
Helena Rouhe: Well how's life.
casondra b: That's okay. Yesterday I was like, like up like this. Upset isn't the right word, but I was like, anxious
casondra b: I'm like, all day.
casondra b: And I just didn't feel I was like, like, you know, when you you're like oh like annoyed. And then if you get like angry at like littlest thing.
casondra b: Yeah, like that's like that's what it was a lot
casondra b: And I was having
Helena Rouhe: There was a lot going on, yesterday I felt. Similarly, maybe there was something going on with the moon or
casondra b: Something
casondra b: Yeah day yesterday. I don't really believe in that shit but
casondra b: Okay. Yeah. And I don't know, like people like oh like Mercury's in Retrograde I'm like versus just being a bitch like what is
casondra b: What is take
casondra b: Responsibility for, like, what the fuck does that even mean like
casondra b: The fuck out of here with that but um yeah I was like feeling anxious and like annoyed, and then I think
Helena Rouhe: They both quite concerned about your right in my face right now like I
Helena Rouhe: was worried about. I was going on.
casondra b: She was
Helena Rouhe: Like
Helena Rouhe: I need to inspect your face.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, you'd love
Helena Rouhe: To come on
casondra b: She's gonna do it. Stop. Stop.
Helena Rouhe: You love it.
casondra b: I know, but like, not what I'm trying to do shit.
Helena Rouhe: Direct contact
casondra b: Yeah. Like sometimes she'll like catch me in the middle of a yawn and then she'll put her whole tongue in my mouth. And it's like, like it like feels gross and it's also salty. A lot of it. Oh, it's just disgusting.
casondra b: Yeah.
casondra b: So I think, I think like part of why I was like irritated yesterday was
casondra b: Oh, I told you. Okay, so I told you about the backyard situation where I'm trying
casondra b: To finish that project.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
casondra b: Yeah, and it was a big project I spent like $300 on everything. And I tried to like keep it. I tried to
casondra b: settling down. I tried to keep it like like I wasn't really buying like a lot of stuff. So I was using like a lot of hard labor, just with like
casondra b: The tools that we had, which were like, you know, to break up the ground I use like a claw hammer like I really was not trying to buy a lot of shit.
casondra b: Right, and I'm one of my upstairs neighbors was just like, like I'd almost finished the project and then he was like, oh yeah, this is great and like he did help me with the last part of it like lifting up
Helena Rouhe: The rocker
casondra b: Yeah, and like I'm or no, no, not the guy that like
Helena Rouhe: Move to the wrong with
Somebody else
casondra b: And
casondra b: This guy's like, weird. He like so I thought he was normal. Up until
casondra b: Right before I got sable
casondra b: Like this, this like this guy's like, I have never trusted him says this, so right before I got sable before I adopted her I'd gotten my iOS, a letter I had gotten approval from the manager. Well, I just, you know, told him that I had me as a letter and
casondra b: I texted everybody upstairs and I was like, look, I'm getting a dog. If you have any issues I texted them individually. Not a group text.
Helena Rouhe: Individually survey.
casondra b: They didn't you know they they felt
Helena Rouhe: Like their
Helena Rouhe: Peer pressure something
casondra b: Right.
Helena Rouhe: Yes, drafted directly
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
casondra b: So I said, if anything is weird, please let me know. The next day, my landlord text me. He's like, yo, the guys upstairs.
casondra b: Seem to have a problem. Can you just like reassure them and he didn't I try to get him to say who because I thought it was the guy that moved the rocks.
casondra b: Just because he I thought because he has. He's like worked on the backyard. Maybe he was concerned about the dog barking in the backyard again. She wasn't adopted yet.
casondra b: Right, not adopted yet.
casondra b: Right and so
casondra b: I I texted the guy that his name is Jeff, I texted Jeff because I was like, Yo, I think Justin.
casondra b: The Rock guy. I think he like texted attached to the landlord or something. And so then Jeff calls me and he's like oh so no. I think that was me. I'm like, you think
casondra b: LIKE YOU LIKE YOU THINK YOU EITHER. DID or you didn't, bro. Like what the fuck, and then it was like this weird conversation where he like made like I could just, you know, when you can tell somebody's lying.
casondra b: Like like
casondra b: It was over the phone like he like he started to say like, Oh, well, I'm Justin was saying that you have a dog and because it's an s because I said in the text. I was like, I'm getting an emotional support animal like I'm not saying I got
Helena Rouhe: laid it out. Yeah.
casondra b: I was like, I didn't, you know, and so he's like yeah, Justin was all excited and he said that because it's an ESA the dog just will be like up in our apartment without you. There was essentially what he said. And I was like, no, like, first of all, I don't even go up there. I will
casondra b: Put my dog up there. That's also a really weird thing.
Helena Rouhe: Right, like
casondra b: Best would never say that. Like he and I don't know each other like that. Um, and the guy was trying to frame it like, oh yeah. His, His housemate because again, two separate
casondra b: We have no connection up there, really, like, there's our, our space down here is ours. There's Facebook there's there's
casondra b: Um, he was trying to make the argument that Justin told him it would be like a house dog and I'm like I don't live in your house, bro. Like,
casondra b: Friends boat, and then he and then he proceeded to, like, change the subject, and like throw Justin under the bus trying to say like he
casondra b: Was like butchering this tree in the backyard, which I AGREE, THE TREE WAS butchered, but like, what the fuck does that have to do with the conversation we're having
casondra b: And then like he was trying to say like basically trying to like paint Justin like he was crazy. And I was just like, Okay, so the issue you're fine. Are we good like can I can I
casondra b: Hang up now. And so he was, like, ever since then, when I was like okay and like all of my old coworker brought up a great point. When I told her about this. She, she was like, okay, look.
casondra b: Those guys that live upstairs sound like fucking
casondra b: Bitch baby white man boys like the proof the white privilege. The white male privilege radiating from that area is so intense, because this, this man had to
casondra b: Take a situation where you were. You are getting a emotional support animal for your mental health and he had it has nothing to do with him and he had to make it about him.
casondra b: And I was like, that's a great point that has nothing to do with him and it never did and he had to make it about him by the next day I said, you know, because I was very direct, like if you're a problem, bring it to me. So we can address it before it becomes a
Helena Rouhe: Right.
casondra b: You know, and then he goes out of his way to contact the landlord, which is like a really intense thing to do.
casondra b: And yeah, ever since then I've like not really trusted him, and then he likes. So he's the guy that like helped me and I was very skeptical.
casondra b: Right. I know. And he was I was very skeptical. And then he started talking about back to the original like stressor, he started talking about like doing the, the rest of the background, which is a very big area, like I do, a third of it.
Helena Rouhe: I'm
casondra b: To give you an idea and
casondra b: He likes. So now he is like yes spent some time out there, moving rocks around because again it's like deep rocks and he like we don't necessarily. I was like okay well I mean I guess I can help you if you want but like we didn't agree on like division of labor or like how long it went
casondra b: Or like it. I'm not spending any more money, frankly, like I told him I was like, look.
casondra b: I spent like I didn't tell him how much I spent but I
casondra b: Thought it was very obvious that I had spent all of the money on this section.
Helena Rouhe: Right, right.
casondra b: What me with like
casondra b: Maybe an hour to of work with my section and I appreciate that. Right. And like, and I will help you know, but I'm not spending any more money and I, and we don't agree on, like how to do it. Also, so like I have seed a bag of seed that I bought which will do the entire backyard. If
casondra b: They want to buy soil, then I will help them and we can lay the seed and it will grow into grass and it'll be fine. And then like the next day he was like, Okay, well, Justin are going to buy more solid. And I was like,
casondra b: Okay, because then there's also the question of who's going to maintain it.
casondra b: Right, like who's going to maintain this like ginormous.
casondra b: I don't know. And so it was really stressing me out because I feel very like pressured, and he does this really weird thing which
casondra b: So I heard him talking on the phone, I'll get to, and this is why I think he's doing it deliberately I'll get to that point in a second.
casondra b: But he has this thing where he like
casondra b: And I'm not sure if he's doing this because, like, I'm a, I'm a woman, and he just doesn't care or he doesn't like register. What I'm saying because he sees me as lesser than or if he's really just
casondra b: Like I'm trying to manipulate the situation that much regardless of who I am. Like, I don't know if he does this with everybody. But he, he, like, he'll ask a question or he'll say, like, let's do this thing. And I will say, Well, I think the more practical option is this
casondra b: And then he'll be like, Okay. And then the next day hos the same question.
casondra b: Like trying to, like, I can tell you try and get me to, like, change my answer or like say something else like he's trying to get me to agree to things that I'm just like, no.
casondra b: I don't want to do it that way.
casondra b: And I'm not going to do it that way.
casondra b: And like
casondra b: Or he'll like say I'll ask a question. I'll answer it about like what I'm doing. The next day, he'll ask the same question. I'll be like, yes, I just said I was going to do it this way. Like, I'm not gonna say something different this time.
casondra b: And the reason why I think he's doing it intentionally because I heard him on the phone like he was like obviously within earshot right like
casondra b: Very clearly within earshot. When I was out there working. He's on the phone with somebody
casondra b: And like, I've heard him on the phone like multiple times. Like he is trying to get all of his friends and family to invest in stocks.
casondra b: It's really weird. I don't think I don't think that that's his job. I just think he's trying to convince people to spend their money on stocks but then he was talking to this other guy and I thought he was talking to him about stocks and he was talking to him about
casondra b: I guess his friend got a new girlfriend or something. And the way that he was talking about that situation with this dude about how like the way you need to talk to women, so that they respond better and
casondra b: Not he didn't use the words like get them to do what you want to do, but that was what he was talking about.
casondra b: He's like, You gotta. He's like, you got to say, you know, think about like how you frame it. Do you want her to think this or do you want them to think this and it's just like
Helena Rouhe: Trying to manipulate
casondra b: Okay, yeah, that's very manipulative. I don't know if you're seeing it that way. But it's like he read the secret and he is trying to manifest
casondra b: Manifest manifest like it is just weird. It is weird. Very strange. Um,
casondra b: Yeah, I don't know. So like I just don't trust him.
casondra b: I don't, I'm not thrilled about doing like I feel so good that this is done and I
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, huge
casondra b: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Big deal.
casondra b: I just want to be finished. I'm not trying to spend any more money.
casondra b: So like all of these three things.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
casondra b: And also I don't love like working next to him. Like, I don't. I don't.
casondra b: Really want to listen to his country music or talk to him about anything like
casondra b: Right, I'm a very different not like I'm better than him. But we just do not have any divergent interest at all.
casondra b: Automation I don't trust him.
casondra b: Like, yeah, it's weird. It's really weird.
casondra b: And I, I don't know. So that was like stressing me out and giver my housemate keeps saying like, you're not obligated to do shit like
casondra b: You don't have to do anything. And I'm like, you're right. But I also don't want to make a problem where there's not one like I don't know if I'm
casondra b: If I'm just being overly sensitive, because I don't trust him and like that's guiding
casondra b: This like cascade of of thoughts and feelings.
casondra b: And I also just feel like he took my project that I was doing my dog and hi john
casondra b: Did made it something that made made it again, a situation that benefits him.
casondra b: That involves him and I just did not want to involve him like the other things. So when he helped me. I never asked him to he went out there. He's like, Oh, yeah. Text me de de de like I
casondra b: Didn't
casondra b: He was just out there.
casondra b: And it just, you know, one day we were both out there at the same time, and he did help me and I was very grateful. Um, but it's strange. Like, it feels
casondra b: Yeah, I don't know.
casondra b: Because the amount of helping he helped me with um does not equal the amount of health that I will now have to do to finish the rest of the backyard.
Helena Rouhe: You don't need
Helena Rouhe: You don't need to finish with the backyard your project is done.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, whatever they decide to do is on them.
casondra b: Yeah.
casondra b: Or him. Yeah. Well, he also got Justin there, the guy that
casondra b: Other guy she got him to agree to help
Helena Rouhe: Well, they can do all of that and you can just say, You know what guys i what i can contribute to this this seed for soil. But if you're going a different way than I am going to what I'm going to contribute is maintaining what I've done, so that it stays nice
Helena Rouhe: Yeah. And if I happen to be out here and I can do a little bit. I will but
Yeah.
casondra b: Yeah, never agreed, like when he was talking about, it will be nice to have the entire backer I did it. I was never like yes, let's do that. I was like, yeah, that would be nice. Sure, if you want.
Helena Rouhe: To your point, who's gonna mowed the lawn. Now, I mean a little section is one thing, but how are you going to keep the grass cut good can get on really
casondra b: Well, so I bought that was another thing that I bought sorry this lighting is like terrible
casondra b: Um, so I bought
casondra b: A push mower like one of those. And I know
Helena Rouhe: Oh, cool.
casondra b: It was so
casondra b: It was really cheap. And so I was like, and and at the time that I purchased it, I was like, I'm only going to have to do
Helena Rouhe: A little section.
Yeah.
casondra b: And we just like
Helena Rouhe: Mars for your little section if they want to get a bigger mower for their whole area. Fine. But that's not the point.
casondra b: Yeah. And then also, like the one thing that the big thing that we don't agree on, because we have all these little rocks and like
casondra b: Nowhere to put them because we have a section in the middle where there's like a picnic table and like a little tiny fire pit. And I was like, we need to preserve this section and have rocks here because we just have nowhere else to put these and I hesitate to like
casondra b: I don't know, put them on Craigslist for free. Like, even if that would work. Like, what if lamb or gets mad because that's another thing we haven't told them. We're doing this.
casondra b: I feel like
casondra b: One. Yeah, I don't know what's better or worse at this point it's already my sections already done so, I don't feel like, and I don't know the context in which he would be like, Yeah, don't do that.
casondra b: But like, I don't know, I feel like getting rid of things that are back there is none.
Helena Rouhe: What you would want to know.
casondra b: So very, like, I don't know. We need to like make that section bigger so that the grass area is smaller, like I just have all these thoughts and they're just like so gung ho about it.
casondra b: I don't know. I just don't want to.
casondra b: I thought I was finished, you know,
Helena Rouhe: You're done with your part.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, whatever they do is on them.
casondra b: And like even if they even if they wanted to, like I did more than a third
casondra b: By right like almost entirely by myself, which is like another thing that I've been thinking like I did, I did do more than a third, even if the three of us and we wanted to do that like I did more than a third of this backyard.
Helena Rouhe: merry go
Helena Rouhe: So, you're done.
casondra b: Yeah, I just like, I don't know if it's
casondra b: All know like I feel like I have to like justify these things in my head. Even though, like if I was if this was somebody else and I was like hearing this, I'd be like, what the fuck like no don't like
casondra b: I just don't want to be like. Again, I don't want to make a problem where there's not one and I don't want to like
casondra b: I don't know. I don't want to come off as crazy because I feel like they already think I'm crazy, you know, I mean,
Helena Rouhe: So how does you saying I've done my part come off. It's crazy.
casondra b: Because there because he's hearing in his mind that I've agreed to do this and the like, oh, like just that that I've agreed to do this and if I say, No, I'm not going to now he was gonna be like well why did you say that you were. And it was like, I didn't
Helena Rouhe: I never did.
Helena Rouhe: So that was not that was not my big agreement.
Helena Rouhe: And if he says, but remember when I said you can say
Helena Rouhe: I agree that it would be cool. But at the same time we're doing a lot of different things. Maybe now we have to get the landlord involved like there's all these things. You can't do it just because you have this music
Yeah.
casondra b: Yeah.
casondra b: I don't know, it feels better to just talk about it.
casondra b: Like to saying it all out loud. I'm like, yeah, that's
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Well, I'm stupid. It says it's understandable that you're trying to do your part and stay under the radar and not create problems, but also being mindful, you know, the whole dynamic
casondra b: Yeah. Yes. True factual. But also, like, I think the part that like upsets me the most is what I said like this was a project that I had for my dog.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Well, to me, and now
casondra b: Now, it's like, this big.
casondra b: overwhelming task.
Helena Rouhe: So keep focused on your project. And if you have to. You can get this cute little like white chain fence that just creates for your little city.
Helena Rouhe: You know, I mean, if you need to you can sectioned off and be like, this is
Helena Rouhe: For my emotional support animal maybe put up a little sign
casondra b: Well, they all know because when he came and he saw me doing it. I told him exactly why I was like yeah
Helena Rouhe: I mean, if you feel like you need to create your
Helena Rouhe: Space to maintain your face.
casondra b: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: But you have to do.
casondra b: Yeah yeah
casondra b: The other. Yeah, kind of unrelated, but also related to dog. She has been having this
casondra b: And tell me, this has ever happened with any of your big dogs, but she's having urinary incontinence.
Helena Rouhe: Huh.
casondra b: Which is like freaking me out. I'm gonna take her to the vet tomorrow.
casondra b: But, um,
casondra b: I first I didn't know what was happening, like, maybe it started maybe a couple weeks ago and I didn't really notice what was happening, like the spots were small enough where I was like, did she just looking herself and like novelty rule.
casondra b: And I would smell it, it wouldn't smell like anything.
casondra b: You know, and then I'd wash it and I move on, and it was all it was always on my bed which thankfully I have a lot of blankets on there so it didn't like get all the way down to the mattress, but
casondra b: Like the last couple days it's happened like like this week it's happened three times and it happens the same
Helena Rouhe: I have a bladder infection.
casondra b: That's what I'm thinking. And so, it happened this morning when I was like asleep and I heard her looking. And I was like, Oh, no. And I, you know, yeah, put her in the crate, because I was like now fuck up. It's like six in the morning I
casondra b: You know, I'm not going to get up right now. I just strip the bed, got a different blanket went back to bed. Um, and then last night when I was cooking. Oh my god. So that was, that was the worst where there was two spots that were like puddles.
casondra b: Of just urine and that's what I realized I was like
casondra b: That was when I was like, Okay, what's happening and I was like my dog is like licking herself and there's like what's happening. And there was like
casondra b: A lot of stuff on like, oh, it could be, you know, hormonal. It happens a lot with big female dogs that are fixed, but it also said it's more common, like the hormonal stuff is more common with overweight and older dogs, which she is not
casondra b: And like the thing that scared me. Of course, like the Internet, always. It was like, if it's hormonal that's a life that's a lifetime thing there is like the chance of infection because it's there's urine obviously everywhere. And so that just like scare the shit out of me.
Helena Rouhe: She probably just has a little bladder infection and she's been gradually getting more
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, and I see blinking. Then she's trying to kind of keep yourself clean and then to
Helena Rouhe: Ghana losing her bladder. And so you're gonna have to take her out a little bit more often right now and to get her probably get antibiotics and it'll probably resolved, you know, fairly quickly. Yeah.
casondra b: The fact that it's like
Helena Rouhe: It's been getting progressively worse.
Helena Rouhe: Suggested that something more like that. Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Case scenario, you might need to have some adult dog diaper.
Helena Rouhe: I was thinking for like a day or two, you know i mean it's it's kind of a but they kind of, you know, at least, it kind of contained things, they'll keep her from licking and all that kind of stuff for me.
casondra b: What I've what I've noticed is that it only happens when she licks, and it only happens when she was like resting and then she'll start licking and that's when it happens, it's not like
casondra b: But then like sometimes after when she's looking and I catch her. And I'm like, No, no, stop, and she like
casondra b: Gets up. I can see it like dripping.
Helena Rouhe: Yes.
casondra b: Yes, no idea what's happening.
Helena Rouhe: Right. So it could be that she's looking cuz something's bothering her and then
casondra b: That
Helena Rouhe: The irritation. Yeah, so
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: So, so in our amateur hour of that clinic. We've now discovered she has a bladder infection and now you'll just go get the final expert.
Yeah.
casondra b: Yeah, I like that better than the lifelong hormone
Helena Rouhe: Doesn't need to be a lifelong hormonal thing because you would have already seen it by now.
casondra b: Yeah, good. That's a good point. I like that too. Um, but yeah. So I'm going to take her tomorrow.
casondra b: And like she what she's not in any pain, which is like the other weird thing like
Helena Rouhe: You think that yeah I mean she was necessarily be crying. She's fairly so
Helena Rouhe: It's dogs who just, you know, irritation,
casondra b: Yeah, that's a good point because there was a tough. Yeah, that's a good point, too, because there was a time when she had like really bad diarrhea.
casondra b: Not the time they took her to the hospital, but the time before that she like mess in her crate. It was horrible, but she was like, totally fine. And I would expect that would those symptoms. She'd be like noticeable pain, but she wasn't at all.
Helena Rouhe: If your dog. So, you know, you guys mirror each other a little bit
Yeah.
casondra b: Yeah, I just, like, yeah, I hope that they can just, like, give me a definitive answer but I it's like a vet. They have to write like they can't just be like,
Helena Rouhe: More thing probably do a little culture and all that. Hopefully it won't take long. But likely that's what's going on.
Yeah.
casondra b: Yeah okay now I feel better about that too.
casondra b: Yeah, I mean, those were. Those are like the big things.
Helena Rouhe: How are you doing with food and all of that stuff.
casondra b: On second Oh God, not as great.
casondra b: Guy will be transparent. I like purged twice this week for the first time in years.
casondra b: And
casondra b: I'll awful like I didn't feel good. Afterwards, I felt really bad both times.
Helena Rouhe: Any particular trigger it. The thing to call this stuff going on or
casondra b: I think it's a combination of like having the thoughts doing
casondra b: For so many months after not really consciously having them for
casondra b: What I considered several years like that would have little flare ups but like honestly I was involved in my, in my drug addiction to worry about that.
casondra b: And I feel like I had this like five, six year break
casondra b: And then all of a sudden it's like this CON. It's like again this constant
casondra b: Knowing feeling and then like obviously I had the impression that I had eaten too much but like
casondra b: Realistically, not. It wasn't like a binge.
Helena Rouhe: The next piece.
casondra b: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Today,
casondra b: Very well happen. Well, I don't even know if it was like to see what what happened. It was just like I felt like, oh, I want to eat later so I better do this.
Helena Rouhe: Hmm.
casondra b: And it like it was just like such a
casondra b: I don't know. It felt very degrading and like, I'm like, I was like embarrassed, you know,
casondra b: And that's like we kind of
Helena Rouhe: Need to do that to let that go. Do you think now the thoughts are not going to be as pervasive.
casondra b: Alrighty. That's a nice thought. But I don't think so. I mean like I am trying now. See that's the thing. It's like I know what a slippery slope that is
casondra b: And also it's like not
casondra b: It's not cute. It's not like even if you are stick. Then if you are doing that. That's disgusting. That's disgusting. Like, you should just be fat right
casondra b: Like, you should just like you should just fucking work out or do something else, because that is not where it's at. It's
Helena Rouhe: Not, I mean, it's really not good for your body. I mean, there's all this physical demand, it's, you know, overall, it's going to take a huge toll on your
Helena Rouhe: Physical symptoms that takes a
Helena Rouhe: Huge toll on your mental system.
casondra b: That's like the biggest thing, it becomes so
casondra b: So obsessive like I like it just cascades into this out of control.
casondra b: Thing and like
casondra b: I know that I'm aware of that.
casondra b: Right, and so I'm trying to, like, and I'm being upfront about it now. Are you like I
casondra b: Was very much considering like even when you just asked me right. I was like, do I be honest and like I think that making the decision to share that makes me
casondra b: more accountable to myself.
Helena Rouhe: Do you think stable both a little bit more concerned about you because that's
Helena Rouhe: Definitely a different shift in behavior than I've seen before, when you've been in session. Yeah.
casondra b: I mean, yeah, she she wasn't she didn't really know what was going on.
casondra b: Like I put her in her crate and then I just went to the bathroom like she
casondra b: I don't think that she could, like, figure out what I was doing, or like
casondra b: Yeah, and I didn't like act differently, like she seemed
casondra b: You know yeah that i know i mean she seemed fine but like also
casondra b: Yeah, I just don't want to. I don't want to be that person anymore. And like I just frankly can't be that person because I have like I have to take care of her.
Helena Rouhe: Are you going to ship this
casondra b: I think saying I think talking about it is like the first hand up.
Helena Rouhe: And
casondra b: I like you know making myself accountable in a therapy setting.
casondra b: Is a good first step and then just like being more conscious about it. Like I feel like
casondra b: I don't know, I just need to like really be aware that that like that. Could that could be a potential. So just, like, be careful with what you do like not restrict or whatever. But just like
casondra b: The mind.
Helena Rouhe: Give me some
Helena Rouhe: Suggestions of ways to kind of help you avoid that.
casondra b: I mean, it's none that are like really good
casondra b: Like obviously I could be like, oh, I could drink less beer because I was like, another thing is that doing so much yard work.
casondra b: I would enjoy a beer or three and then when I would drink the beer. I was like okay well that's like 500 calories that you just inhaled. So like you can't eat as much today. And so I could tell you, like, I could just drink glass, but that we would be for the wrong reasons.
casondra b: Like end result is good because I'm drinking last which I would also like to do but but then like for you for. You see what I'm saying by for the wrong.
Helena Rouhe: Reason. Yeah, yeah.
casondra b: So like
casondra b: That is something that I could do
Helena Rouhe: That would prob. What about this idea about being mindful, I
Helena Rouhe: Mean I think
Helena Rouhe: connecting to your choices and really paying attention to what you are consuming and when and for what reasons is probably the bigger piece, you have a lot of education, you have a lot of understanding you know what you need to do and
Helena Rouhe: So I think you can be your best counsel if you allow yourself to be present.
Helena Rouhe: To know what's happening and think about it and then even just the drinking piece. If you want to be a little more cognizant of how much you're drinking and why that's going to help all that
casondra b: Yeah, I think, like the why part is good because they're the days that it happened. There was a lot of like bored eating just hard right now because everybody's important in
casondra b: Your home all day, and like I don't keep sweet stuff in the house because like
casondra b: It just is easier to not, but I can't, like, I can't keep like food out of the house. You know what I mean. So
Helena Rouhe: Now you need it.
casondra b: Yeah, and so
casondra b: Like I try not to get junk food. I try to just have like, and also I tried to have stuff that I have to make into meals.
casondra b: That seems to help because with bored eating. What is what I mean.
casondra b: Because you're not
casondra b: Yeah, it's not it's not just like eating crackers or like occasionally like I'll, I'll get something that I can indulge in but like not often because when I do have that I tend to like, yeah, do a lot of bored eating.
Helena Rouhe: So, what's something you can do to help you if you start to get a sense that you are either getting ready to board eat or you are in fact bored eating. What can you do in those moments to kind of shift gears a little bit.
casondra b: I mean, I can. Yeah, I can take sable for a walk.
casondra b: Or smoke cigarettes. When I feel that coming on to which is not like a great thing. But it definitely stops that craving to eat because I can't smoking. I do not understand people that smoke cigarettes and eat.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah.
casondra b: It is well after
Helena Rouhe: So, I mean, again, this is all these behaviors that you're doing that, you're not excited about. But you're recognizing our existing maybe let's look at it from instead of picking just one this work on overall
Helena Rouhe: Mean, you've been really working on overall. And I think that my senses. If you become myopic and one that's going to be an opportunity for rebellion or rationalization or whatever, where the bigger picture is
Helena Rouhe: You want to be well so that you can take care of Fable and stay on the big picture plan of saving money. Eventually, having a house, having more dogs and this is your big picture plan in order for you to do that and be the most successful, you need to be
Helena Rouhe: healthy human being who can follow through on these plans.
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: So maybe stay focused on the big picture, maybe work on visuals, or things little notes or something to kind of stay focused on the big picture so that as you're becoming
Helena Rouhe: Aware and potentially reactive, or maybe annoyed will screw screw this I'm, I'm hungry, I'm going to eat or I'm bored. I'm going to have this or I'm going to whatever you can just kind of go, Yeah, I could do that or
Helena Rouhe: What could I do that would be more along the lines of big picture. Not that I can't you know I'm the bad person. If I do these things, or, you know, it's not the shame game. It's just, that's an option.
Helena Rouhe: Or I can go do that. So I think that kind of process will be more in line with you, helping you. Take care of yourself better than it being a power struggle about what's good and not good.
casondra b: Yeah. Yeah. That's a good point. I just don't want to like
casondra b: What I mean by, like, you know, good versus not good but like I just don't want to slip into something else destructive because I'm trying to like
Helena Rouhe: I think it's
Helena Rouhe: Very good awareness and you're already acknowledging drinking, smoking, you know, it could potentially be any number of things. You're right.
Helena Rouhe: Louis. So instead of focusing on one thing. Look at the mindfulness look at kind of being connected you're way more connected and aware now than you were six months ago, eight months ago, you know,
Helena Rouhe: You have a much better sense of things and you have a lot of knowledge and
Helena Rouhe: you've now created this neat little outdoor space. Maybe you're going to make it for you and stable. Maybe you want a nice little chair out there are a little umbrella. You know, there's different things that you can do that.
Helena Rouhe: Or you go for a walk or maybe there's things that you're going to do in your own space and then there's all sorts of things that you can
Helena Rouhe: Find to do to manage these different things that are going to come up for you, which is normal, because now you're in a space where this stuff can come up before it was a little bit more crisis triage. Let's just survive the moment
casondra b: Yeah i mean i i would argue that I've always been like painfully self aware when it comes to
Helena Rouhe: I agree, but I think it was more in a torturous way than productive. Let's do something
Helena Rouhe: Yes, a picture. Yeah.
casondra b: It's hot. Yes. And it's hard to shift gears and so just hit it.
Helena Rouhe: Think about it. Come to me.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, it becomes its own addiction to be
Helena Rouhe: It's an it's an why I like to call it emotional cutting
Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: When we can analyze and theater. So based on behavior.
casondra b: Yeah, yeah, definitely the agent. A lot of that. I don't know. But I have noticed that like it's easier for me to do like hobby things because like I've always thought like or not like good at anything. And also, like, I don't enjoy a lot of things.
casondra b: Which is, I assume that is like the depression that just makes everything very doll and tedious and everything seems like a chore.
casondra b: But since I've given up dope. I'm awake, Rajan and I know like a lot more often. I used to sleep a lot. And so I have to like fill up the time
casondra b: And like I got really into embroidery like a while ago. Right. And then I stopped completely and I use sable as an excuse for why I stopped like a first. That was a very good excuse but then after a while I was like, no, I still don't like that's not a good excuse me more.
casondra b: So I tried to pick that up again even though I'm stoked on the projects that I'm working on. I guess I could start another one. But it's like I'd have to
casondra b: There's like parts of it that I don't like right like looking gritting the fabric so that you don't
Helena Rouhe: Add pretty detailed
casondra b: Oh, it's takes so many hours to just grid this thing and if you miss count. Like, I tried to start grading, so I could do a project that I wanted to more. Let me show you why don't
casondra b: We show you I don't like this one.
casondra b: So it's a very, it's a very beautiful painting called hi listen and then by
casondra b: Oh god, I don't know, some I used to have a name is
Helena Rouhe: Maria. Yeah.
casondra b: So I got so far. But look at how Falcon orange this man turn
casondra b: This is his waist. He's wearing he's wearing a blue shirt with like a
casondra b: Look at how fucking orgy is
Helena Rouhe: Just wearing bronzer.
Bro.
casondra b: Know, once I saw that and that's like the cold four colors. This is like supposed to be a pattern from a reputable company.
casondra b: Um, and I just when I started, I was like, oh, that seems awful orange. I wonder what this is going to be. And then I was like, oh, it's the fucking guy and then I was like, did more and more of it. And I didn't hold back. I was like, I fucking hate it.
casondra b: I hate it so much.
casondra b: And I don't know, I just been kind of like doing it just to like zone out and do it don't like fuck I hate the way that looks
casondra b: Nice white orange.
Helena Rouhe: Well,
Helena Rouhe: This is what you're starting to appreciate, now is your
Helena Rouhe: Static in a different way. You know, you've used a lot of
casondra b: Your painting.
casondra b: Well then orange and the painting.
Like
casondra b: Even if I were to take that image and put it into like one of those automatic like make your own pattern machine.
casondra b: Yeah, yeah, Orange.
Helena Rouhe: Well, maybe this is an opportunity for you to adjust what's already there.
casondra b: Oh, I have to that would destroy it. If I took that much stitching.
casondra b: Hmm. Like I would really thought that would be like a whole
casondra b: That would be worth reading the fabric. All right.
Helena Rouhe: Well then let's not be
casondra b: There but then moving forward.
Helena Rouhe: Now you know that for the next
casondra b: Project, you have
Helena Rouhe: To be a little bit more attentive to color.
Helena Rouhe: Because you're seeing things and
Helena Rouhe: Experiencing them on a different level. Now,
casondra b: Yeah, and it just makes me wonder, because the girls in the water, or like lily white and so I'm like, or is it just like a bunch of lily white girls next to this orange dude like
casondra b: Whoo. Whoo. Okay, this like there had to be there had to be a fucking like meeting about this. They had to be like this one. And everyone was like, No, no, you know, like, I don't. I just don't understand
casondra b: I'm
casondra b: The bathroom. Hold on. Sorry.
casondra b: Sorry, I've had like five coke zeros to
Helena Rouhe: Boy.
casondra b: I know I like when I was a kid, I used to
casondra b: I feel like my weird tasting food. I like, I like to blame it on my mom. She was like, really fat like 400 pounds.
casondra b: And so she would always like
casondra b: Have like she and she didn't cook ever so like McDonald's and she would always get like Diet Cokes she would get like
casondra b: Three whole as meals for herself and then a large Diet Coke and then so I of course became a soda addict and like I would just drink.
casondra b: So much soda as a kid. And if I buy it for myself I drink a lot of it.
Helena Rouhe: Which is like, I don't know, I'll be curious to see what shift.
Helena Rouhe: Over time as you develop this mindmeld mindfulness
Helena Rouhe: All about your behaviors and consumption self care. It's not something that I want to see dramatic change in right away. I think better for you to have a slow awareness flash making little adjustments here and there and seeing how you think and feel about it.
casondra b: Yeah, I mean, honestly, I might die. Go. I might go to my grave like drinking lots of direct
casondra b: You know to do
casondra b: I just hate water so much
Helena Rouhe: There's other things besides water like tea.
casondra b: I don't like to either like I can drink coffee, but I can only have so much coffee before it stops.
casondra b: Working
casondra b: I don't know. I like fuzzy stuff, but like, get the fuck out of here with that fucking
casondra b: mcroy
Helena Rouhe: Oh, yeah.
casondra b: No man.
Helena Rouhe: Well, it definitely is not the same kind of situation is, you almost have to kind of detox yourself from soda before you were to have something like LaCroix or mineral water or anything like that.
casondra b: Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: That's a different pace.
casondra b: Yeah, I mean honestly there's times when I go like without it, like, especially during like work. It's always there. But there's like times when I was like drinking Gatorade. Instead, know that that's like a shit ton of sugar. It's just like
casondra b: Oh, no.
Helena Rouhe: Like matter of mindfulness
Helena Rouhe: And you paying attention to it. And I think it'll just be interesting for you as you develop this
Helena Rouhe: Awareness, what you notice
casondra b: Yeah. Um, the other thing I was gonna say about like things to do, aside from the cross stitch projects, as I've definitely taught myself like how to do my own nails, which
casondra b: Mm hmm. Like I I'm not great at it or anything, but like I love
casondra b: Banana little
Helena Rouhe: Not an easy task.
Helena Rouhe: No it's not, especially here so
casondra b: Yeah, when you're doing with your non dominant hand, it's very different.
casondra b: And I like I have materials that are fine.
casondra b: And I do think that over time. I can, you know, if I if I just go slow enough I can like make whatever happened.
casondra b: Because I'm so familiar with the process just from having it done for so many years, but like I can tell that there's like, like I'm fucking up my natural nail beds.
casondra b: From over filing like I need to watch out for that. And I'm like, I don't know, there's like other things are difficult about it like I need. I would hate to have to get a different drill, but I might have to
casondra b: But that's, like, another thing about this fucking backyard thing. I was like, I'm done. Now I can have some I wouldn't try to give myself some like crazy nails like I used to have. And like
casondra b: If I were, if I were to do that. First of all, I've already like poke holes through the gloves that I have. And so it's like what, like you can imagine the gloves that I'm wearing that.
casondra b: Right with dirt.
Helena Rouhe: Right.
casondra b: And so like if I were to go all out. I wouldn't even be able to get my hands and gloves or if I were to break one that would be very painful.
casondra b: So what like
casondra b: I feel like
casondra b: That yeah that shouldn't stop me from doing what I want to do.
Helena Rouhe: I think that you're in transition. And what you're used to doing is shifting a little bit. And there's a little bit of rebellion like through that this is the way it should be. Because this is the way it's always been
Helena Rouhe: Yeah. To what do I. Well, that just because it's always been that way, doesn't mean it has to stay that way because you make the choice.
Helena Rouhe: Not because the choice is being put upon you, and I think maybe a little bit of the sky and these people kind of
Helena Rouhe: Putting themselves and inserting themselves in your project is feeling like they're kind of making things be a certain way, when
Helena Rouhe: You don't actually that doesn't need to happen. It doesn't need to be anything on their agenda can continue to be
Helena Rouhe: That was your project is now done, you're going to do you can to maintain it and now you're going to put your focus on other things.
Helena Rouhe: And that may mean that you don't have longer nails, because it'll still be easier for you to keep this nail length and continue to maintain your project outside
casondra b: I hate. Maybe I hate this nail like and I there's a lot to do with like longer nails. I just can't put them in gloves and like I don't need to like maintain long
Helena Rouhe: Okay, well,
Helena Rouhe: Then you can play around with these different things based on what you want to do and
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, you need to do so. You are the master of your own destiny and these things go ahead and tinker around with it, but please take care of nail beds, because that people
casondra b: It's, it's hard. Well, when I took them off air already so thin and then like you have to bust them in order to get rid of the natural shine and then like I just locked him up because I didn't know what I was doing.
casondra b: But I don't know it feels better to have like if they were exposed right now like oh my god would be so painful.
casondra b: But it's not that bad with them on.
casondra b: There, just like ugly. It's hard to get them all.
casondra b: One length, um,
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, I would imagine.
casondra b: Especially like you get one hand done and then you go to do the other hand, and like maybe I should start with my with my dog like doing it with my Non dominant hand because that's the one I struggle with.
casondra b: I feel like if I did that one first and then established like okay this is how long are going to be would
casondra b: Be easier to adjust
Sure.
casondra b: Yeah, I don't know, there's like so much on YouTube. Like, I wonder what how people learn things before YouTube
casondra b: Like from
Entering
Helena Rouhe: In person tutoring and education is now become the YouTube phnom I
casondra b: Feel like maybe just like where people really doing ship by trial and error because that seems like
Helena Rouhe: Oh, yeah.
Helena Rouhe: We get done. Well, a lot of emergency room visits.
casondra b: Okay. Speaking of hospitals, I read this book called
casondra b: The butchering art by Lindsay Fitz Harris or something and it talks and talks about
casondra b: Like the emerged, like how they learn how to do surgeries and like what
Helena Rouhe: Oh yeah, that's a pretty. No wonder it's called the Turner.
Yeah.
casondra b: So she was on a I read her book and then like after that she was on a
casondra b: Podcast with Joe Rogan. I don't know if you know who that is meeting as
casondra b: She was on there and she was like showing pictures. And so of course I looked on her Instagram and she was like telling stories like oh god like they're like everybody that was really trial and error.
casondra b: That was like such
Helena Rouhe: There is no communing with others on that. That was just let's see what happens if we do this.
casondra b: Oh god, and there was like so many
casondra b: Like there is this one story or this guy. He was like, really big. Really big surgeon like very strong and muscular and he was known for holding you down with one arm and then sawing off your limb within a
casondra b: Oh, with the other
casondra b: Joseph listing or something like that. And then he like killed three people during this
casondra b: Because I used to fucking like gather people in an auditorium and like watch them happen.
Helena Rouhe: Right.
casondra b: I know
Have a pita.
casondra b: And so he he like had this
casondra b: I don't know very crude surgical instrument that was that he would like a hold between his teeth as he switched it was so disgusting, no gloves, no nothing, and he killed the patient on the table.
casondra b: He killed and then in the process of trying to take this person that the patient slim off. He cut off the finger of his assistant and then as he was trying to like reach around for his like a different rudimentary keep wanting to say weapon but instrument. He like
casondra b: He like cut this guy who was like observing and all of them died of gangrene.
Helena Rouhe: Oh my word.
casondra b: And it just seems like, oh god.
casondra b: That barbaric yeah it's, I mean, also, just like the people who would have multiple surgeries like
casondra b: Like people that would get shot in the face during war. There's like so many people that want so many, but there was quite a few people who like voluntarily went through a process where they like without anesthesia got surgery to their face.
casondra b: I just I can't imagine
casondra b: I don't know how it. I don't like it when I think about that kind of stuff I was doing shadow people or even alive today like childbirth.
casondra b: Living like that's another thing like just childbirth on its own. Like I feel like that must have just been like 5050 you're gonna probably died during this
casondra b: I feel like I would
Helena Rouhe: Definitely worth back in the day.
casondra b: Well, I feel like I would have killed my mom like if there, if not for modern medicine because I was I'm like 10 pounds nine ounces. I was two weeks late and they had, they had to give her a C section.
casondra b: She know she was like a big lady like six one. But I don't think you can. I don't think any person can pass and 11 pound baby.
Just
Helena Rouhe: So you have survived and you didn't killer.
casondra b: I mean, they
Helena Rouhe: Had her own
Helena Rouhe: She had our own ideas about that.
casondra b: Sure.
casondra b: Yeah.
casondra b: Sometimes like think about that. Like, it still hasn't like like she's dead. Yes, but the fact that she died of, like, oh, ethanol poisoning like to her organs and bloodstream. Like, that's just
casondra b: I'm not like surprise but like at the same time, it's just like, Whoa, you know,
casondra b: That that's an extreme way to go.
You know,
Helena Rouhe: So this is why you are developing a mindfulness process so that you can behave differently.
casondra b: Yeah, I'm never going to be
casondra b: No, I know.
casondra b: I know
Helena Rouhe: That it is you're just you're working to behave differently in many ways from your family dynamic, which is about awareness and understanding, but the exact opposite. Yeah.
casondra b: It's definitely a motivator, that's for sure. Yeah, that's how I am choosing to see it.
Helena Rouhe: There you go. I like it.
casondra b: Anyway, those are all the things that I wanted to talk about. So I'll let you go.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: All right, well, sounds like you've got a good plan.
Helena Rouhe: Yes. Take care.
casondra b: Yes. Um, if I want to schedule another one. I'll just
Helena Rouhe: Let me know.
Helena Rouhe: Okay. Sounds good. Okay.
Helena Rouhe: All right, bye. All right.
Helena Rouhe: Good night. Bye. Take care, YouTube.